Next is the last item of this auction
Ancient hosta from thousands of years ago
Starting price 5 million
Boss, this is the collection of the mixing pot to be photographed.
Dragon fruit used to be
This time it must never fall into the hands of the stirrer again
I give 10 million
I like this hosta very much.
I'm going to take a picture of it for my teeth
Hahahaha
This happens to be a bit too arrogant with foreign names, right?
Hundreds of years ago, we came to our Dragon Kingdom to steal things
Now the house is up for auction again
If you let him take a picture
Where do we dragon people's faces go?
I'll give you 100 million.
When is a small foot basin garbage?
Dare to clamor on my dragon fruit's territory
Why haven't you been beaten up yet?
A dragon dog
What right do you have to talk to me about Pangu?
One hundred and fifty million
I urge everyone here
Think carefully before picking up the pie.
After all, the implementer is Junqi
Three billion.
Luo Shao, what 5 million list?
Isn't it a bit too out of company to give 300 million?
I have money
This ancient disaster concerns my face if
Never lose
Damn dragon kingdom blood dog
I am just a garden
You can't get what you want yet.
350 million, 500 million.